# CS230

The client for the project is The Gaming Room, they want to create a web-based game called “draw it or lose it” that has already existed in Android and want to implement it across multiple platforms and devices. The game required that the system can hold more than one team, and each team needs to have multiple players, each team needs unique names and every game has to be unique.
I especially enjoy researching different types of platforms and comparing them side-to-side, and determining which platform would be best to host the server. Not only they are helpful for amateurs they also simplify important information that can help me compare their advantage and disadvantages that are useful for the system. 
Creating some sort of diagram will help guide the coding process more smoothly, UML diagrams are one of the most useful processes that I found throughout the development process. Not only it helps with the coding process but it also helps with another aspect of developing the system as well. Thinking about the structure and interaction of the elements in my code and organizing them in the diagram will help the code to be more organized throughout. 
The part of the software design document that I found challenging is the requirements, this aspect required an informative and details description of what the system or application should do and will do in case of a problem. The requirement process needs extensive thought and prediction to evaluate future variables that will need. If I could improve the requirements I would add functional and non-functional requirements 
I closely inspected the scenario, highlighted information that the prompt mentioned regarded to the website, and then visualized materials that would be required to meet the client's expectations. Software, hardware, documents, tools, fractures, people, actions, and more are the material. I often revisit the scenario to ensure I have all the details listed to meet the client's demands by doing so the documents can have as many details listed, it is also important to carry on the details to different parts of the system developments so they will not be overlooked. It's important to consider the client's needs when designing the system because the client's understanding of their business is often better than the system developers, staying to consider the user needs also helps developers stay on track which helps the workflows and minimized inefficiency. 
The approach to designing software would be top-down, first I gather all the information from the scenario, specifically the main objectives, and the website's main focus then gets more details to regard the objectives. Creates diagrams for the software starting with location objectives then adds attributes. As for coding the system, I like to start bottom up, working with one block of source codes and merging the codes as more are developed. In the future, I like to create a wider range of activity diagrams and sequence diagrams for all of the use cases that will be listed. They are helpful in terms of explaining the system and user interaction.
